extend bootstrap related documentations (#1563)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/building/bootstrapping.md

## Stages of bootstrapping

The build system defers most of the complicated logic managing invocations
of rustc and rustdoc to Cargo itself. However, moving through various stages
and copying artifacts is still necessary for it to do. Each time rustbuild
is invoked, it will iterate through the list of predefined steps and execute
each serially in turn if it matches the paths passed or is a default rule.
For each step rustbuild relies on the step internally being incremental and
parallel. Note, though, that the `-j` parameter to rustbuild gets forwarded

> to appropriate test harnesses and such.

Reviewer: I would consider all of this to be internal documentation; even the bit on `-j` seems overkill since people only need to know that it does work, not how it works. So I would prefer to move it to `src/bootstrap/README` instead of putting it here.

Most of the "meaty" steps that matter are backed by Cargo, which does indeed
have its own parallelism and incremental management. Later steps, like
tests, aren't incremental and simply run the entire suite currently.
However, compiletest itself tries to avoid running tests when the artifacts

> that are involved (mainly the compiler) haven't changed.

Reviewer: The bit about compiletest caching tests seems useful but I don't think it belongs in the bootstrapping chapter, https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/tests/compiletest.html#introduction seems like a better place.

The rest of this doesn't seem user-facing to me.

`--stage=2` stops here.

### Clarification of build command's stdout

In this part, we will investigate the build command's stdout in an action
(similar, but more detailed and complete documentation compare to topic above).
When you execute `x.py build --dry-run` command, the build output will be something
like the following:

```text
Building stage0 library artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage0 library from stage0 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage0 compiler artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage0 rustc from stage0 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Assembling stage1 compiler (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage1 library artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage1 library from stage1 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage1 tool rust-analyzer-proc-macro-srv (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)

> Building rustdoc for stage1 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)

Reviewer 2: I think using the `x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu` target/host here is better, since the `aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu` target is not as widely used and not Tier 1.

Author: I agree, `x86_64` is more commonly used.

| copy `rustdoc`                                         | `build/HOST/stage2/bin`                                         |

`--stage=2` stops here.

### Clarification of build command's stdout

In this part, we will investigate the build command's stdout in an action
(similar, but more detailed and complete documentation compare to topic above).

> When you execute `x.py build` command, the build output will be something

Reviewer: Let's give people an easier way to replicate this output:
```suggestion
When you execute `x.py build --dry-run`, the build output will be something
```

like the following:

```text

> Building stage0 std artifacts
> Copying stage0 std
> Building stage0 test artifacts
> Copying stage0 test
> Building stage0 compiler artifacts
> Copying stage0 rustc
> Assembling stage1 compiler
> Building stage1 std artifacts
> Copying stage1 std
> Building stage1 test artifacts
> Copying stage1 test
> Building stage1 compiler artifacts
> Copying stage1 rustc
> Assembling stage2 compiler
> Uplifting stage1 std
> Uplifting stage1 test
> Uplifting stage1 rustc
> ```

Reviewer: This output is outdated.
````suggestion
Building stage0 library artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage0 library from stage0 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage0 compiler artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage0 rustc from stage0 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Assembling stage1 compiler (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage1 library artifacts (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Copying stage1 library from stage1 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu -> aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu / aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building stage1 tool rust-analyzer-proc-macro-srv (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
Building rustdoc for stage1 (aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu)
```
````

#### Building stage0 {std,test,compiler} artifacts

These steps use the provided (downloaded, usually) compiler to compile the
local Rust source into libraries we can use.

#### Copying stage0 {std,test,rustc}

This copies the build output from Cargo into
`build/$HOST/stage0-sysroot/lib/rustlib/$ARCH/lib`.
[comment]: FIXME: this step's documentation should be expanded -- the information already here may be incorrect.

#### Assembling stage1 compiler

This copies the libraries we built in "building stage0 ... artifacts" into
the stage1 compiler's lib directory. These are the host libraries that the
compiler itself uses to run. These aren't actually used by artifacts the new
compiler generates. This step also copies the rustc and rustdoc binaries we
generated into `build/$HOST/stage/bin`.

The stage1/bin/rustc is a fully functional compiler, but it doesn't yet have
any libraries to link built binaries or libraries to. The next 3 steps will
provide those libraries for it; they are mostly equivalent to constructing
the stage1/bin compiler so we don't go through them individually.

> #### Uplifting stage1 {std,test,rustc}

Reviewer: Hmm, all this info looks useful, but it seems redundant with the "Stages of bootstrapping" section at the top. I'm not sure what to do here.

Author: > Hmm, all this info looks useful,

Yes, it explains a lot of the build process.

> but it seems redundant with the "Stages of bootstrapping" section at the top. I'm not sure what to do here.

It's a little bit(maybe more than little bit) detailed version of it. Do you think this should be under the `bootstrap/README.md` ?
